Ingredients
-----------
10 large jalapenos (more if small)
10 seranno peppers
3 cloves of garlic
1 1/2 cup diced cilantro.
/* use a regular eating teaspoon - lets convert this to a measuring *
 * spoon                                                            */
1 rounded teaspoon scorpion pepper powder (substitute 2 fresh scorpion peppers)

   If you use fresh ghost or scorpion peppers put them in a blender with the
   water and the lime juice and blend them into a slurry before adding to the
   sauce

/* Convert this to actual liquid measurements of pulpy lime juice */
Juice and pulp of 2 limes.
1/4 cup water or more
1/2 teaspoon salt

Tools
-----
Sharp knife
Cutting board
citrus auger
blender (if using fresh ghost and/or scorpion peppers)
cooking pot
large pot for boiling jars
smaller pot for steaming lids
boiling water canner or pressure cooker
jar lifter
canning funnel for type of jars being used
ladel
mixing spoon
eating type teaspoons

Other Supplies
--------------
paper towels
regular towel for setting hot jars (optional)
ball jars
white vinegar for cleaning jar mouths

Instructions
------------
Take the tightening bands and lids off of the jars.
put the tightening bands aside
put the lids in hot steaming NOT BOILING water
Boil the jars

Cut cilantro into coarse pieces.
Thoroughly juice the limes with citrus auger.
Remove seeds from the lime juice.
feed ingredients into blender with the fluid to make them blend
Blend ingredients into a slurry.

Using the canning funnel and ladel fill the jars no more
than 1/4 inch from the top preferably 1/2 inch.
clean jar mouths with paper towel with vinegar. Do not dip towels in sauce.
place the steamed lids on the jars
put the tightening bands on the jars FINGER TIGHT don't crank lids down

Close jars in pressure cooker.
Bring to a boil
allow steam to escape for 10 minutes to purge the air.
Put on weight and allow cooker to pressurize to 15 PSI.
cook for 20 minutes at 15 PSI
Turn off heat and allow the cooker to naturally depressurize
When cooker is depressurized you can open it but tilt the lid away from you
   to keep from gettin steam burns on your face.
Put down paper towels or towel to set hot jars on.
Using jar lifter remove the jars and put them on the towels.

If you have more jars to process, process them and put them on the towel.

Do not disturb the jars for 12 hours.

Check seal by pressing gently on the top of the jars. If the jars pop, they did
not seal. Reprocess these jars with new lids or consume the sauce within 5 days.

Label jars with packed on date.

Store sealed jars for up to 1 year.


